feat: Provide label value by http header (#118)
prometheus-community/prom-label-proxy: README.md

   -insecure-listen-address 127.0.0.1:8080
```

> Accessing demo Prometheus APIs on `127.0.0.1:8080` will now expect `tenant` query parameter or http header to be set in the URL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accessing the demo Prometheus APIs on `127.0.0.1:8080` will now expect that the client' request provides the `tenant` label value using either the `tenant` HTTP query parameter or the `x-prom-label-proxy-tenant` HTTP header:
```

   -insecure-listen-address 127.0.0.1:8080
```

> Accessing the demo Prometheus APIs on `127.0.0.1:8080` will now expect that the client' request provides the `tenant` label value using either the `tenant` HTTP query parameter (configurable by -query-param) or a HTTP header (configurable by -header-name) :

Reviewer: The command line above needs an update
```
prom-label-proxy \
   -query-param tenant \
   -upstream http://demo.do.prometheus.io:9090 \
   -insecure-listen-address 127.0.0.1:8080
```
